ICSP and IDMS interoperability release note 4.14 (#72317)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-14-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-14-3-bug-fixes"]
==== Bug fixes

> * Previously, `ImageDigestMirrorSet` (IDMS) and `ImageTagMirrorSet` (ITMS) objects could not be used if there were any `ImageContentSourcePolicy` (ICSP) objects in the cluster. As a consequence, to use IDMS or ITMS objects, you needed to delete any ICSP objects in the cluster, which required a cluster reboot. With this change, ICSP, IDMS, and ITMS objects now function in the same cluster at the same time. As a result, you can use any or all of the three types of objects to configure repository mirroring after the cluster is installed. For more information, see xref:../post_installation_configuration/preparing-for-users.html#images-configuration-registry-mirror_post-install-preparing-for-users[Understanding image registry repository mirroring]. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHIBMCS-185[RHIBMCS-185])

Reviewer: Maybe
`As a consequence` -> `Due to this`
really up to you though!

+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> Using an ICSP object to configure repository mirroring is a deprecated feature. Deprecated functionality is still included in {product-title} and continues to be supported; however, it will be removed in a future release of this product and is not recommended for new deployments.

Reviewer: Also up to you! 
```suggestion
Using an ICSP object to configure repository mirroring is a deprecated feature. Deprecated functionality is still included in {product-title} and continues to be supported; however, it will be removed in future releases and is not recommended for new deployments.
```

Author: @kelbrown20 This is standard wording in our docs and should probably be changed globally.
